General order to do thing in (and a timeframe):

TODO in order of importance:

update poster!
next, previous links for observations
add gear_present yesnounk field to observations
  definition: "Was there gear on the animal at any point during the observation?"
  add gear_present property to cases (entanglements?) that is yes if any of
    their relevant observations are yes
bug: merging Cases into Entanglements gives an error
bug: Entanglement.clean() throwing an error didn't give an error message when
  editing an observation with multiple cases, one of which was the entanglement
gear-analysis editing should open in a seperate window
tag interface with color-coding of tags
nested TBODY in merge form for entanglements
make delete tag link bigger
affiliation merging
update search forms
drop use of 'intial' and 'exam' fields of Observations
define Observation.tagged
add interface for deleting ObservationExtensions that are no longer relevant
  because the cases an Observation is relevant to have changed
move SI&M editing to pop-up window
manual!
importing an invalid taxon just gives an error message. should import valid taxon with feedback.
display both field number and name of animals
deleting a document should send you back to it's attach_to page
add settings for Documents
use graphviz to show relationships between Animals, Cases, and Observations
make contacts that are in-use not delete-able
use pre_delete signal to set refernces to a model to None
add handy selectors for U.S. and Canada
'federal waters' should include both territorial and EEZ
add observation to shipstrike is adding a generic obs.
poster of database structure, with definitions. also of workflow.
'needs review' by a particular user field
'case type' for ones that don't have fields specifc to them
case.valid codes from national stranding database
remove nmfs_id from case-ids-box
use 'unknown' option throughout site
add 'needs verification by <user>' mechanism
taxon merge doesn't work when Taxon.tsn is unique
contact types (see to be making generic contacts)
numeric codes for carcass condition
contact info for documentation
stranding fields:
    Animal.necropsied_by (Contact)
    Animal.necropsy_findings?
    Case.valid
        more values between suspected and confirmed
    Observation.animal_description type (it's -> its)
    Observation.confidence
bug in case search by narrative
Vessel.contact should have option for 'same as observer/reporter'
file attachments!
    extensible categories
    can attach to animl, case, observation
    may or may not have been uploaded
tooltips for ID-box (defining ids)
shipstrike is two words
striking vessel flag should default to unknown
new affiliations on contact forms for a striking vessel
add validity, mortality to case-search
case lists, add 'last observed'
'taxons' should be taxa
put gear-analysis in seperate tabs
add permissions for SI&M editors
add 'incident_on_or_after_date' to cases
    for ents will usually be 'last seen gear free'
replace named media-url with DJANGO.CORE.CONTEXT_PROCESSORS.MEDIA
automate the generation of the tabbed pages
fontographically set-off NMFS ID numbers
'view on site' not working on deployed site
changing the animal of a case while adding an observation doesn't work
if a tab has an error on observation editing, it should be redirected to
determined taxon should override all observation taxons, and provide the default for new observations/cases
add case list column (using NMFS IDs) to animal list page
use JS to update things like IDs and OLE warnings while editing a case
make navlinks:
    contacts: search/view, add
stop hard-coding jquery versions
fix jqueryui font sizes (too big in widgets in IE)
    vessel type in particular
divide case editing page into case, SI&M, gear
make list of fields for using in paper-form version of database.
determined_taxon should override probable taxon in case names
add timezone to date-times
JS on gear-type widgets
    check/uncheck all boxes for the same type at once
    grey-out implied geartypes
list of recent stuff (on homepage)
undated cases are considered most recent in sorting
'observer on land' fake field for vessels marked as 'land'
IE doesn't show table-sort arrows
secure contacts table
    boat name
    home port
make observation editing page more intuitive
file attachements for cases, observations
deletion!
    with warnings
case merging!
contacts/animals management.
    prompt for deletion when they are no longer referred to by cases/observations
use ITIS numbers in Taxon management
    import from ITIS
add icons for actions
send 304 responses
date-picker widget for non-uncertain dates
make clear what the vessel-info fields are that are hidden
administrative page for cleaning up animals with no cases.
administrative page for cleaning up cases with no observations.
administrative page for duplicate contacts
administrative page for cleaning up GearOwner objects with no info.
administrative page for cleaning up DateTime/Location objects with no info.
case-list sorts by case (most recent first)
make subclass the DateTimeField instead of using the DateTime app
google-charts venn-diagram for gear-types
API change in DAGEdge: change subtype/supertype to generic DAG names
flexible search interface

gitweb hosting at NOAA
directions for successor

